Update README.md (#143)
mandiant/VM-Packages: README.md

# Virtual Machine Packages

## Overview
This repository contains the source code for packages supporting the projects below:
* [FLARE-VM](https://github.com/mandiant/flare-vm)
* [Commando-VM](https://github.com/mandiant/commando-vm)
* [ThreatPursuit-VM](https://github.com/mandiant/ThreatPursuit-VM)

> NOTE: Packages do not contain actual software distributions. Packages are PowerShell scripts that only contain instructions for obtaining distributions. See [Chocolatey legal information](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/information/legal) for more details.

> ### Package Lifecycle

Author: shortened here and copied this to https://github.com/mandiant/VM-Packages/wiki/Package-Lifecycle as well

The installation of packages relies on [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/).

# Contributing
To report problems or to suggest new tools please open a new [Issue](issues).

Please see the [Wiki](wiki) for documentation on how to create a package using our established best practices.

# Open Source Packages
Open sourcing the installation packages allows the community to not only suggest new tools, improvements, and report bugs, but to help implement them. It's now very transparent how and what gets installed. Moreover, we can use GitHub Actions (free for open-source repositories) for testing and automations. This reduces manual maintenance and simplifies contributions.

## Automation

> Once a package is submitted, our pull request automations will test the package to see if it builds and installs correctly. Additionally, we use GitHub Actions to build and test each package on a daily basis to check for any errors. Just being aware of broken packages quickly should solve a lot of problems VM users faced in the past.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a package is submitted, our pull request automations test the package to see if it builds and installs correctly. Additionally, we use GitHub Actions to build and test each package on a daily basis to check for any errors. Simply being aware of broken packages should quickly solve a lot of problems VM users faced in the past.
```
